Inheritance
Is a concept that a class inherits the attributes and behaviour of another class.
The class that is inheruring is called a child a class.
The class that is being inherited from is the parent class.
Inheritance promotes code reuse and organisation hierachy.

Polymorphism
Is the ability of objects of different classes responding to the same method/behaviour in different ways. (Children implenting the same behaviour in different ways)

Encapsulation/Enclosed
Is the practice of bundling data and related method in a single object/unit called a class.
Used to hide the internal details of a class by marking attributes and methods as private or protected.
To mark an attribute/mehtod as private we prefix an underscore



Django in python
Battery included (builtin library) to accomplish common web development
Builtin Django  
    1.Database intergration comes with an ORM (object relational mapper) = maps python classes to 
    2.Handling HTTP (HyperText Transfer Protocol )
    3.Catching temporarily stores frequently accessed data
    4.Authentication
    5.API development
    6.Security features
    7.Highly scalable: ability to handle resource requirement(handle traffic, data, file)
    8.Maintanability: it is based on OOP patterns classes inheritance, polymorphism, Encapsulation

To set up Django project.
Steps:
    Install python 
    PIP(Package Install Program) : Used to install python dependencies
    UV is a PIP wrapper()



Virtual environment is a self contained environment in a machine that installs python dependencies encapsulated from the rest of the machine.
Each project should have its own virtual environment

Mnanage.py is a commandline utility of project administrative task
asgi.py ansynchronous server gateway interface
wsgi.py web server gateway interface
setting is where we put project configuration for things like databases catching 
url.py is forurl routing configuration


Migrations- used to track database schema changes
Model.py the database structure/models entities are converted to django model
Test.py where unit test are created
View.py where http requests are being handled

Django model has name or object model.  
Product with their data types
Name: String
Price: Float
Quantity: interface
color: cha-field
Image : Image field
Text: 

Migration is the act of converting model defination into a database schema.(python3 manage.py make migration)

